#summary mismo-bindings user guide.
#labels Featured

= mismo-bindings User Guide =

This document gives the overview on how to use the mismo-bindings toolkit. If you still have questions, please feel free to email us at [mailto:opensource@sysdelphia.com opensource@sysdelphia.com].

= What is "mismo-bindings" project? =
It is a toolkit (a collection of libraries and utilities), rather than a "framework" (frameworks put restrictions on applications that use them, we don't), for developing Java applications (we do intend to support .NET at a later stage) that deal with (consumer, produce) XML documents written according to [http://www.mismo.org MISMO] XML specifications. You will be able to convert MISMO XML documents into Java Beans and back to XML.

= Getting Familiar with MISMO specifications =
 * Read the [http://www.mismo.org/files/mismo/MISMOGeneralImplementationGuidev2.pdf General Implementation Guide]
 * Optionally, read the [http://www.mismo.org/files/mismo/MISMOXMLDesignRulesandGuidelines,RC10.pdf XML Design Rules and Guidelines]
 * To do any serious MISMO XML development, you will also need a copy of the specification you are going to work with. A bundle of all specifications can be downloaded from http://www.mismo.org/files/mismo/MISMOSpring2007Release.zip. 

= Getting Started with MISMO Bindings Project =
 # First, download latest release from the [http://code.google.com/p/mismo-bindings/downloads/list downloads area].
 # Unzip the ZIP file into a new directory named "mismo-bindings"
 # An Eclipse (Java IDE) project is already included (you'll need Eclipse 3.2+), but if you have your own favorite IDE, you'll have to create a project.
 # A sample test client is [http://mismo-bindings.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/modules/enveloping/test/com/sysdelphia/bindings/mismo/EnvelopingTest.java com.sysdelphia.bindings.mismo.EnvelopingTest] in the "modules/enveloping/test" source folder.
 # Make sure the code is compile either using IDE, or using Ant and the included "build.xml" file.
 # Run the above test. It should pass.